# ur-calibrator
This  work is about to make a web application that provides a platform where users are able to improve the accuracy of their robots based on measurement data. The web application consists of 3 apart modules that are aiming to complete the task.

The first module is a robot calibration service that is developed in the Python programming language. There is an implemented solution for the robot calibration process by prof. Jo´zsef Kuti using Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm in Matlab programming language.  In this module, the Matlab code is converted to python code using third party libraries. We are gaining observable advantages using a python solution. Some examples of the benefits are capable of using docker images easily, open-source usability, less memory, and CPU usage, to be allowed to make HTTP client requests to communicate with other modules.

The second part of the application is the front-end which is developed in React.js. Additionally, React-Redux is used for managing states, in other words, data comes from the back- end, between components. Login and Registration pages are created for users to register and to have access to the functionalities of the application. Once the user is authenticated successfully on the login page by entering the email address and password, he/she will be redirected to the home page where the user will have an option to create a new project or see previously created projects. An initialization page is created to start a new project by choosing robot type and measurement data will be required in a CSV file on the upload page. The calibration process will start after the user uploads the file and click the next button. The processed page is created for users where they can see preview information about the result of the calibration. If the payment has been proceeded, then the user can see the full result of the calibration which is an enhanced version of D-H parameters and urdf file of the robot. The billing page is created for filling or updating billing data. Furthermore, pages for resetting forgotten password and updating the password has been created.
 
The last and third part of the application is the back-end which is developed in Node.js open-source platform using Express framework. The module is used to handle requests from the front-end and proceed with the business logic. The main functionalities of the back-end are storing or fetching data from the database, communicating with python service, starting the payment process, generating invoices, etc. Email sender package of google is implemented to notify users by email address using Oauth2 authentication.

To sum up, separate docker images are created for all 3 modules of the application. It means that it can be deployed to any platform using the docker-compose tool without having an issue. After successfully deploying the application to production, users will be able to get their calibrated D-H parameters in less than half an hour.
